you change your plan for penny yeah
that's that something I can't really
answer right now every injury is
different i'm going to manage it the way
it's got to be managed i don't know
exactly how that's going to be it's just
like a regular season it's a person
regular progression yeah it's definitely
a definitely a tough spot no Peters one
of the words of genuinely nicest human
beings I've ever met and he's a he's a
he's an unbelievable backup he's he's a
really good nine is one of the best
friends I have on this team and he
showed a lot of character he never hung
his dad he never pouted and showed the
utmost support for everybody including
Dustin you know it takes a special
person to do did you think about Justin
escondido he did a great job you know
that's probably one of the hardest
situations you could ever throw a guy
into and you know any really excel d
shows he showed wise one in different
levels and he's an awesome guy and I
have to take my hat off tip my hat to
him he did an excellent job
evaluation was protect your best season
so far since you enter the NHL I think
you know I think you know this team
played so well in front of me all season
I had was really really fortunate to get
selected and be able to represent my
country and I had enough awesome time
and a great opportunity to do that and
the guys in this locker room during this
playoff run as he was a real it was
really fun delay with these guys in this
locker room you know I think this is the
tightest group we've ever had obviously
sad that I would come to an end right
now regarding that